So, here I am at the end of a roller
coaster.
Up the track I go, bringing Meredith
back from the dead. Down goes the track,
meeting David Clark and his mother. Up
it goes again, catching a demon to use
to help me bring my parents back.
And back down again, getting arrested
for punching Jamal.
Or maybe from mutilating David Clark. Or
maybe for killing his mother. Or maybe
just for the whole shebang.
But then the roller coaster keeps going
down. Officer Jenny gets injured
protecting me from Crazy Tony. The
building I hide in burns down. The
policeman assigned to protect me by
Detective Guthrie is murdered. Crazy
Tony stabs me. I die.
At that point, the roller coaster is off
the rails and digging like a drill
toward the Earth's core. only the timely
arrival of Meredith and my brother of
all people. Guthrie catches crazy Tony.
I survive my stab wound. The roller
coaster is flying back toward the sky.
And then this.
I'm sitting on the lake's bed looking at
Mrs. Lake's charm body. One of her arms
and several fingers are over in the
hallway to their room along with a lot
of blood. In the kitchen, Mr. Lake is
resting his face in a pool of even more
blood. Somewhere there's a nasty cake
that is probably going to get thrown
out.
Don't look at her, Lily. Passure tells
me he's still hanging from the crawl
space where he got caught in a nail or
something.
Just look at me.
But I can't stop looking at Mrs. Lake.
Her skin is a mix of flaky black and
blistered red.
She was a good person. So was Mr. Lake.
Are their souls being swept away to some
pleasant place like my parents were? Or
are they currently trapped in these
bodies like Roger was?
Did she suffer? Lily, I know what you're
going to say. You're going to say this
isn't my fault. That wasn't what I was
going to say.
He's right not to say that. Of course,
it is my fault. I summoned Ferur.
That right there is the one thing that
caused all this. I summoned a demon and
it killed a whole lot of people.
Well, I wouldn't have done what I did if
you hadn't killed my parents.
Your parents' deaths were a terrible
tragedy. And if I had known they were
going to die, I would have done
everything in my power to stop you from
using Joffile's judgment. He gives a
sigh. I wish that I could take back that
moment for you along with so many
others, but you are the knife and you
cut your own path.
I watch as a piece of Mrs. Lake's skin
peels off from a light breeze through
the open door and flutters like a dead
leaf in the air. I turn away from it so
it doesn't float right into my eyes or
mouth. Instead, I look at pasture
hanging from the ceiling hole. You made
me this way.
Pastor looks back at me through his
plastic eyes. I did and I have done it a
thousand times before. And with each new
knife, I have taken on the
responsibility to guide them. But
something went wrong the last time when
we gave you the choice to become the new
knife and your soul accepted. We changed
the word in the smallest way possible,
but the ramifications of it were beyond
what we anticipated.
I don't know what that means.
Ramification sounds like something to do
with rams and multiplication. You know,
sheep math. Don't tell me sheep don't
know numbers. I've seen a video of a
horse counting with its hoof, and sheep
are much smarter than horses because
they don't actually let anyone ride
them.
It means that despite only making the
slightest change to the paths of two
individuals, you and Roger, the outcomes
of a multitude of other lives were
affected. For one thing, the soul is not
so easily cleansed. So, Roger retained a
lot of the struggles and depression he
felt as the original knife. He remained
reclusive, something of an outcast from
social norms, and he harbored a
resentment toward you for having the
gift he once had, although he no longer
remembered having it. It had left marks
on his soul, as all things do. And
somewhere deep down, he knew what you
had once belonged to him, and he
resented you for it. Okay. Okay, so now
the question nobody asked for. Why my
brother was always mean to me has been
answered. I wipe my eyes with my sleeve.
I don't care about having Roger's
feelings explained to me right now, nor
with two corpses rotting in the house.
He continues, "Other lives changed, too,
insignificantly for the most part, but
for at least one, a young single father
studying to become a behavioral
therapist. That change combined with the
interference from Samuel led to two
totem bears coming into contact with
each other which ended in tragedy. Felix
Clay was not meant to be a totem bearer
nor a mentalist. If Roger had kept the
gift, Felix would never have. Meredith,
I whisper. I need to find her. Where did
Furer hide her? I look around the room.
Maybe she's in that box in the crawl
space I never opened. She's not in the
box, Lily. Passure says in a stern tone,
I don't know where she is. It's actually
rather troubling. And I suspect that
Ferrer has hidden her along with some
other magic that is concealing her
location from us, similar to how he kept
us apart. I need to find her. I jump to
my feet, almost stepping on a piece of
Mrs. Lake's severed arm. The carpeting
sculches under my shoes, wet with blood.
No, Pashure shouts. His voice blooms in
my head and I sit back down without
thinking about it. When he speaks again,
it's back in his soft tone.
We need to deal with this, with what's
been done here. Meredith Patterson,
wherever she may be, is not in danger.
You, on the other hand, are sitting in
front of the burnt corpse of your foster
mother with your foster father's body
bleeding out at the kitchen table.
He doesn't talk sharply at me unless
things are serious. I know they are, but
I don't know what to do. What do I do?
Call Detective Andrew Guthrie.
The phone is downstairs in the living
room. I have to dance around Mrs. Lake's
body to get out. I don't mean dance like
I'm swinging my hips to an imagined song
over the corpse of my foster mother. I
just mean that I tiptoe around it so I
don't get any of her on me. I'm halfway
down the hall before calls me back and
makes me pull him down from the splinter
he's caught on and bring him with me. We
are doing this together, he says. No
more going alone. Okay.
Okay. I hope they let me keep him when
I'm in prison. Maybe he can sit with me
when I'm in the electric chair. You're
not going to be sent to the electric
chair. Passure assures me. Was I
thinking out loud again? I ask. I've
been having some trouble with that
lately. He doesn't answer. He just
recites a phone number. It's not 911.
We're not calling for the general
police. We're calling Guthrie
specifically. The phone rings twice
before someone picks up. It's a woman's
voice, not Guthrie.
Emergency veterinary clinic. How can I
help you? Emergency vet clinic. Did I
dial the wrong number?
Uh, is is defective Andrew Guthrie
there? I stutter. There's a pause. I'm
sorry.
Oh, I um Sorry. I'm looking for a
policeman. Gumby Gumprey. Andrew
Guthrie. He's a detective. I mean, a
detective. He works for the for the
police. I'm calling to speak to him.
We both go silent for a moment.
Is he there? Please,
just a moment. I hear her talking to
someone else. She says Guthri's name.
There's another voice calling Guthrie
over what sounds like a school PE
system. Why do PE teachers get their own
radio?
It's a PA system, Lily. Passure says P E
P A P O P I P U. Whatever. P uses every
vowel for something. It's all so
confusing.
There's a noise over the phone. Someone
picking it up on the other end. This is
Guthrie. I hear Guthri's voice. He
sounds annoyed. He always sounds annoyed
to me, but he sounds annoyed even though
he doesn't know it's me just yet, which
means he's probably going to get even
more annoyed when he does.
I can't blame him. I annoy myself
sometimes.
Who's calling? Detective Guthrie. I
squeak into the phone. It's Lily. I need
your help. Lily, how did you know where
I Wait. He sigh. Here comes the even
more annoyed voice.
Let me guess. Angels, right? What is it
this time? I'm rather busy at the
moment. This is why I like Guthrie. He
gets it. Pastor was right to have me
call him. He'll know what to do.
What do you mean I'll know what to do?
Guthrie asks. His voice gets even more
annoyed. We're like at Defcom 5
annoyance. If I get him even more
annoyed, he's going to blow up. But I
have to do it. I have to really annoy
him because there are dead people in
this house.
What happened now? You just got out of
the hospital, didn't you? Where are you?
I look through the doorway where Mr.
lake lies slumped over the table beside
a badly made cake. There's blood
dripping off the edge of the table. I'm
at the lake and uh so they're both dead
and what?
The phone makes my eardrums throbb. I
have to hold it away from my head. I
miss the first part of what he says next
because of it. Thankfully, just the
first few words are at glass shattering
levels. I bring the phone back to my ear
carefully.
Are you safe? Is there someone else in
the house? Look, find a place to hide.
Police will be on their way. Don't
panic. Just hide.
I don't want the police here. I want
Guthrie. What about you? I ask him. He
turns gruff. Do what I said, Lily. Get
off the phone. Hang up. He hangs up on
his end.
Well, now the police are coming. Not
Guthrie, like I hoped. Someone else. Not
Officer Jenny, because she's still
recovering from her bad eye injury. Not
Frank, whatever his name was, because
he's dead. It could be Officer Grant.
He's always nice to me. He has a big
funny mustache and orange hair like
Jamal's friend Greg. Sometimes he gives
me a bag of pretzels from the vending
machine. I hope it's Officer Grant.
Somewhere deep in my head, I hear
whispering. It doesn't sound like my
thoughts because I'm having my thoughts
right now and this is interrupting them.
The whispers tell me what Guthrie did
not. He's at the animal hospital meeting
with a vet about an examination of the
dog beast that they killed the night
they found me. That's Mrs. Donovan.
They've cut her open and looked through
her insides. I know this because Guthrie
didn't tell me. I know this because
Raziel is inside me telling me instead.
Hasher speaks. Lily, do as Guthrie said.
Let's go up to your bedroom and you can
lock yourself in there until the
authorities arrive. In the meantime,
we've got to get Razielle out of your
head. I go up to my bedroom and lock
myself in. The closet is open and I can
see the remains of Furer's egg prison
smashed on the floor just outside the
tarp I drawn on the floor. The egg is
all black and green and smells really
nasty. I shut the closet door to keep
the smell inside, but it's already out
drifting about my bedroom. So, I open
one of the windows and sit beside it and
take big whiffs of fresh air.
Oh, thank you, mother nature. All right,
Pastor says laying on the floor beside
me. I want you to close your eyes. I
close my eyes.
Okay, I hear him say gently. I want you
to imagine you're back in that movie
theater you went to in the veil. I'm
standing in a forest. The trees are all
pine trees. They're evenly spaced out
like someone planted them there. The
ground is mossy and covered with yellow
and blue flowers. They sway back and
forth even though there's no wind. In
front of me, the ground rises steeper
and steeper like it's going up a
mountain. There's a cave in the side of
it. The trees around the cave stick out
like giant toothpicks.
Like the forest used to be flat there
and the cave grew up out of it.
Do you see the movie screen? I hear
pasture. I look down and there's a frog
on the mossy ground. It's looking up at
me with dark eyes.
Why do frogs have weird pupils?
Excuse me? Passure says from the frog's
mouth. What's this about frogs? I can't
help but giggle at his voice coming out
of a little green frog. You're a frog,
Lily, the frog says sternly. You're
supposed to be thinking of a movie
theater.
Well, I don't know what to tell you.
frog scur, but my mind has imagined the
woods instead with a frog in a cave.
There's a cave. The frog blinks. He
looks directly at the cave. Surely it
sees it.
No.
Well, I'm imagining the frog. Passure
isn't actually seeing what's in my head.
Go to the cave. I'm already at the cave,
I say. I do move closer, though. It's
dark inside. As I get closer, though, I
see that it's not that dark. It's just
that someone has built a wall just past
the entrance made out of some sort of
black rock. It's actually kind of shiny.
Maybe it's volcanic rock. That's what
lava turns into. I've always wanted to
have a piece of volcano rock. I wonder
if I could break off a chunk of it. Oh,
wait. I'm just imagining it. I keep
forgetting. I need you to go into the
cave. Frog says. He's still right beside
me. He's staring off into space at the
moment. Probably because he's kind of
blind. I can't believe I imagined
Passure as a blind frog. If anything,
I'd think he'd be a frog with a thousand
eyes. I walk toward the cave. The black
rock wall looms over me. Loom means that
it's really tall and makes me feel
really small. There's also a thing
called a loom. I saw one once when we
went to Plymouth. There was a lady using
this weird device that makes giant cat
cradles and she calls it a loom.
I assume because it was so big and it
made her feel small. For being in my
imagination, everything here is pretty
clean and clear looking. Usually when I
imagine stuff, it's kind of vague. Like
a red circle is an apple or a yellow
circle is the sun or a different kind of
apple. I thump into the black wall. I
actually feel it on my nose and open my
eyes.
I'm still sitting in the corner of the
room. The feeling on my nose is gone.
There is no wall. Well, okay. There's
four walls, but they aren't the one
blocking the cave in my imagination.
What is it? Passure asks. Why did you
stop?
There's a wall in my head. Fur must have
put it there. Raziel has to be in that
cave.
I really hope it doesn't get out that
there's a cave inside my head. All the
other kids in jail will make fun of me.
They'll call me Lily Empty Head or
something more clever. I can't think of
a clever mean name right now. Probably
because there's a cave inside my head
where a brain should be. Other kids
though, they're really good at coming up
with mean names. You think they spend
all their off time coming up with
insults. The police will be here very
soon. Passure tells me. I know. I've
already heard them coming yelling at the
front door, kicking it in. I didn't say
anything because I was trying to focus.
It wasn't until the yelling stopped that
I realized it hadn't happened yet. I'd
almost forgotten what it was like to
sense something before it actually
happened. It's really confusing
sometimes.
Once they get here, we won't be able to
do this until you're alone again. That
might not be for a while. And it's
important we get Raziel out. Can you
focus? I shrug at him. You know me. I'm
all about focus. At least when I'm
painting. I wish I was painting. I
probably shouldn't even think about
wishes though, considering that SpurFer
is bread and butter and it hasn't been
that long since he got fomadeed back to
hell. You can never be too careful,
especially considering Lily. Pasture
interrupts. Close your eyes.
We return to the cave in my brain. The
black wall still fills the entrance. I
approach it, feel it with my hands. I
can literally feel the smooth surface on
my palms. Even though I'm sitting here
with my hands in my lap, I'm pretty sure
my legs didn't turn into volcanic rock.
I'm actually feeling an imaginary thing
in my head. It's crazy.
Passure is now a deer. He looks pretty
soft. There's about a dozen eyes
covering his head, all looking in
different directions.
I have a weird imagination sometimes.
All right, he says from the deer's
mouth. His many eyes blink. Do you
remember what you did to Fur earlier
when you used your hands and caused the
cuts to open on him? They didn't open on
him. They opened on Mrs. Lake. And yes,
I can still see the awfulness of it
behind my eyelids, which is weird
because my eyes are closed and I'm
already imagining something else.
How am I doing this? How can I remember
seeing someone's body get shredded by my
hands gesturing at the air while also
imagining a cave in a wall and this
weirdass deer?
I remember. I sigh.
You weren't supposed to learn of that
ability until you matured. He tells me
while chewing on a piece of bark he
peeled off of one of the trees sticking
out of the mountain side. It's extremely
dangerous. You tore open the veil. You
made those gestures. Each digit, each
finger of your hands, sliced the veil as
fine as a strand of your hair, invisible
to the naked eye. Aren't all eyes naked?
Do people dress up their eyes? I guess
glasses are like eyeball dress up. Hell,
my mom used to put makeup on her eyes.
Not the actual eye itself. That would
hurt. But the lids. Do eyelids count as
part of the eye?
What are you saying? I ask. That I can
cut through
reality.
Now is not the time to get into the
logistics, but yes. Basically, you are
the knife that cuts the veil after all.
But why?
The paz deer leans down, rips up some of
the moss, and starts to chew it instead
of the tree bark. Hungry little guy, I
guess. Later, he says. Right now, do the
same thing, but don't don't actually do
it in real life because you could end up
slicing off your own legs or falling
through the floor or something. Just
imagine you're doing it. I hold up my
hands. They are imaginary hands. Gosh,
it's weird saying that. I hold up my
imaginary hands in my imaginary forest
and spread my fingers apart. Each finger
can slice through reality. Huh? That's
crazy. Why would they give me this? What
could this possibly do for me? Is it
meant to be used as a weapon
or something else? Lily Paz dear says do
it. I slice my imaginary fingers at the
imaginary rock wall blocking the
imaginary cave entrance.
Nothing happened, I tell the deer. The
deer blinks half its eyes. Try pushing
on the wall.
I reach out with my hands. I wonder if
I'll have to register them as lethal
weapons, like this guy in a movie my dad
let me watch with him once. It was
called Game of Death. They probably
would have called it Lethal Weapons, but
I think there was already a movie with
that name. The wall doesn't move at
first. I can feel it against my hands in
real life, but then there's a grinding
sound like someone dragging a boulder
down the sidewalk, and I feel the rock
move. A large chunk of it slides inward
and pops out the other side with a noisy
clatter. As it does, the rest of the
wall rumbles and several other broken
pieces shift, some falling down on my
outstretched arms, others just catching
in a nook. And then my head explodes in
a rainbow of light. Not really
physically. I'm not dead, obviously. I'm
writing this in my journal after all.
But there's a whole rainbow of colors
that come pouring out of the hole in the
wall. And since my head is right there
looking in, it's all I can see. There
are some shades of colors I can't even
describe. You want to know if they're
like green or blue or red, but I'm
telling you, they are indescribable.
I open my eyes just as the first police
officer comes into my room. I see him
for just a second standing in the
doorway, one hand on the knob, the other
on his gun. He's looking directly at me.
I'm looking at him. And then the other
colors pour out of my eyes like the beam
of a giant flashlight. I can't see
anything but all these colors. Red. I
see lots of red. Not like bloody red,
but like someone plugged a red light
bulb into the light fixture. And the
entire room is bathed in redness. The
policeman is also red.
And I can see an outline through his
clothes of items on him like handcuffs
and some small metal box and a badge on
his chest.
Underneath all that, I can see his
skeleton. I see every bone in his body.
It's overlapping his clothes and his
handcuffs and his face, which looks
absolutely stunned by all this. I wonder
if he sees my skeleton, too. And then
the light is gone, and the policeman is
standing there in the doorway,
bewildered, eyes staring forward, one
hand on the knob, the other on his gun,
but the gun drops from his hand and
clatters to the floor.
"What the f?" he says, and then he
stumbles forward. He drops to his knees.
Behind him in the hallway is another
police person. They're looking down
toward the lake's bedroom. I suspect
they can see Mrs. Lake's charred remains
since I forgot to shut the door on my
way out. They turn when their partner
stumbles.
Kelvin, they say it's a lady cop, but I
couldn't tell at first because her voice
is really deep, almost as deep as
Guthri's. It must be nice to have a deep
authority sounding voice. My voice
sounds all squeaky like a mouse and
nobody takes me seriously. Probably in
part because of it. In part because I'm
having to tell people about the future
which nobody thinks I can see. Cal, are
you okay?
She steps into the room, pointing her
gun at me for a moment before lowering
it. I thought she might shoot me, but my
luck holds out.
I can't see, says Officer Calvin. He
puts his hand on the floor and feels
around. Everything is red. I can't see.
He starts to panic, scrabbling around,
clutching the lady officer's pant leg.
She looks at me with accusing eyes. She
thinks I did this. I guess technically
she's right. What happened? She shouts.
Her gun points at me again. What did you
do? I put my hands up in the air, hoping
she doesn't think I have a weapon on me,
realizing my hands are actually weapons.
So, I guess I do have weapons on me. So,
please, lady cop, don't kill me for
holding them up. I didn't do anything. I
lie because I know that if I try to
explain the whole angel in my brain K
punching a rainbow hole out of my
eyeballs to her, the next visit to my
brain cave might be to pry a bullet out
of my meatball. She grabs her little
walkie-talkie and presses the button in
it.
10:44. We need assistance. Officer down.
Officer Calvin finds the door frame and
pulls himself back up to his feet. He
stands there holding the wall, staring
at nothing in particular. His eyes look
bloodshot, like he didn't get that much
sleep last night. I didn't catch a good
look at them before Raziel shot out of
my eyes, so it could very well be that
they were like that to begin with, but I
kind of doubt it. Suddenly, he turns and
looks directly at me. He doesn't blink.
His eyes themselves, the colored part of
his eyes, they're tinged red, too. She's
lying, he says. He doesn't sound scared
or rattled at all. I wasn't expecting to
be accused of lying. Excuse me. He licks
his lips and then his head like
he's listening to a radio. There is no
radio. There's not even sound coming
from over his walkie-talkie.
An angel? He says to nobody in
particular.
That's what she was freeing. An angel? I
No. Do you hear that? He turns into the
direction of his partner. Does he see
her now?
What's that voice? I can hear you,
Patty. I'm right here, Cal. Officer
Patty says she reaches out and offers
him her hand. No, he says, "I hear your
thoughts about stealing." You borrowed
your sister's car back in high school.
Officer Patty lowers her gun. Thank
goodness.
What are you talking about? She looks at
her partner. How do you even know about
that?
He continues, his red eyes looking
through her.
You scratched it trying to park. Covered
it up with paint that didn't match. She
noticed but never knew what happened.
Why are you thinking about this?
I'm not.
This was unfortunate. Passure remarks.
Understatement of the year right here,
folks. Runner up is the nurse at the
hospital telling me you won't feel a
thing. Talk about liars. Lady, I felt
everything.
Where's Raziel? I ask him without saying
the words aloud. At least I hope I don't
say them aloud. I've been having some
trouble with that lately. Last thing I
need is both officers looking at me even
more mental.
Is he inside that officer Calvin's
meatball? Razil is on his way here back
to us. Passure says the gift of knowing
is temporary. The blindness sadly is
not.
Raziel was incaporeal. He had to be in
order to be in your mind like that. But
you're not meant to see us in that way.
It's why we take on physical
manifestations when we traverse the veil
or your plane.
I take one of my hands that I'm still
holding up, reaching for the sky as they
do in cowboy movies and wave it over my
head. Whoosh. Officer Patty frowns at
me. I put my hand back up.
The next 10 minutes are spent with
Officer Calvin telling one secret after
another. He sits there spouting them out
like a garden hose someone forgot to
turn off. Some of them belong to me,
like how I almost died in unicorn
pajamas. Others belong to Officer Patty.
Both police people don't know what to
make of it, and lots of shouting and
arguing happens as they cope with him
suddenly knowing things she didn't want
anyone to know.
Me on the other hand, I don't really
care because half the stuff he tells she
doesn't even believe anyway, and the
other half would only be embarrassing if
someone my age ever found out.
Eventually, Officer Patty guides her
partner to my bed and has him sit down
while she goes to check the master
bedroom where she finds Mrs. Lake and
then goes to the bathroom and barfs.
Officer Cisman tells me she's barfing. I
guess she didn't want us to know that.
15 minutes later, emergency ambulance
people arrive to treat officer Calvin.
More police show up. They start
searching the rest of the house. They
spend a lot of time in the master
bedroom. Someone comes upstairs with a
ladder and goes into the crawl space.
They come back out with a special box
that does not have Meredith in it,
according to Passure. I see them look
inside and then look at each other with
concern.
Officer Calvin starts telling me and the
ambulance people what's in the box, but
Passure makes me cover my ears so I
don't hear it. It's not fair. I'm 11
years old. I know how babies are made.
My parents used to have a picture book
called How Babies Are Made with
construction paper doggies and bees and
people. But if Ashure says I shouldn't
hear what's in the box, I'm not going to
argue with him about it.
I've come to accept that he has my best
interest in mind.
Hey there kids, it's me, Mr. Creepy
Pasta, and I just wanted to tell you
thank you so much for watching tonight's
video or for listening to tonight's
episode of the podcast. It's a brand new
year, which means a brand new time for
content. We're doing our best to bring
you the newest things. I know in 2024 I
had released less videos than I ever had
any year in the last 14 years, but hey,
um, as things start to piece themselves
back together, so do I. So, I will be
seeing you guys a bit more in this year,
I promise you. And as always, I want to
give a very big thank you to everybody
who supports me over at Patreon. That's
patreon.com/mrcreppypasta.
I cannot thank you guys enough. Thank
you guys so much for being supporters.
That goes for everybody who was down in
the description as well as acid system.
Ball arms the rat, Blake Rattler,
Brandon Mendoza, Rena Crow, Brimstone,
Panimmonium, Caluna, Shane Smoker Deer,
Chicago Hitman, Cory Genchin, Cronut
508, Crusader Choco, Curse Pox, Primark,
Dakota Best, Dagel Pollson, Dante
Concade, Dina Krauss, Ellie Hutmire,
Enchanted Buns, Estamine, Jenna Holly,
Hades Nephew, Himbo Jerry, Hour Minute
Seconds Time, Jay Kees, Jennis Pet,
Jordan Humble, King Crab, Mr. Marcus
Blitz, Old Penguin, Peaceful Buddha,
Psychomel, Red Shadow Cat, Remember the
Sun, The Rinku Star, Salty Surprise,
Samine, Selude, Simba's Bloody Mojo, Sky
Harbor, Smiley, the Psychotic, Sully
Man, Talisu, The Chavez Brothers. Thank
you guys so much for being here. Thank
you for listening. Thank you for
watching and sweet dreams.